#################################
# Notes on the BONUS Sections #
#################################

For this assignment, both offered bonuses were implemented:

* BONUS1: Multiple pacmen employing the same controller
* BONUS2: Multiple pacmen employing different controllers

Instead of programmatically choosing between
controller use for pacman, multiple source
files which implement bonus material 
are included alongside source files 
which implement standard assignment 
deliverables. Lists of the additional files 
that implement bonus content are as follows:

### BONUS1

* `config/BONUS_large.cfg`
* `config/BONUS_small.cfg`
* `controllers/nodes_BONUS1.py`
* `controllers/pacman_controller_BONUS1.py`
* `gp/gp_driver_BONUS1.py`
* `output/BONUS_small_graph.png`
* `output/BONUS_small_log.txt`
* `output/BONUS_small_soln.txt`
* `output/highest_score_game_sequence_all_time_step_world_file_BONUS_small.txt`
* `world/gpac_world_BONUS1.py`

### BONUS2

* `config/BONUS_large_multi_controller.cfg`
* `config/BONUS_small_multi_controller.cfg`
* `controllers/nodes_BONUS2.py`
* `controllers/pacman_controller_BONUS2.py`
* `gp/gp_driver_BONUS2.py`
* `gp/gpac_world_individual_BONUS2.py`
* `gp/soln_BONUS2.py`
* `output/BONUS_small_multi_controller_graph.png`
* `output/BONUS_small_multi_controller_log.txt`
* `output/BONUS_small_multi_controller_soln.txt`
* `output/highest_score_game_sequence_all_time_step_world_file_BONUS_small_multi_controller.txt`
* `world/gpac_world_BONUS2.py`

Additionally, code that differs as part of the bonus implementations are noted 
in the source code using comments (e.g. `# BONUS1` or `# BONUS2`). All source files not listed above
pertain to the main assignment deliverables.

Note: All files (including bonus files) are in the master branch on Git. Additionally, two branches are hosted which each
contain the bonus files (BONUS1 and BONUS2) instead of the main assignment deliverable source files. If the bonus deliverables
are to be run, it would be easiest to switch to the branch containing that bonus' deliverables and run the project.


#################################
#	Coding Standards	#
#################################

You are free to use any of the following programming languages for your submission : 
	- C++
	- C#
	- Java
	- Python
Your code must be well formatted and styled according to good coding standards, such as the MST coding standard outlined here : 
http://web.mst.edu/~cpp/cpp_coding_standard_v1_1.pdf
It is required that your code is well documented.

NOTE : Sloppy, undocumented, or otherwise unreadable code will be penalized for not following good coding standards (as laid out in the grading rubric on the course website) : 
http://web.mst.edu/~tauritzd/courses/ec/cs5401fs2018/

#################################
#	Submission Rules	#
#################################

Included in your repository is a script named ”finalize.sh”, which you will use to indicate which version of your code is the one to be graded. When you are ready to submit your final version, run the command ./finalize.sh from your local Git directory, then commit and push your code. This will create a text file, ”readyToSubmit.txt,” that is pre-populated with a known text message for grading purposes. You may commit and push as much as you want, but your submission will be confirmed as ”final” if ”readyToSubmit.txt” exists and is populated with the text generated by ”finalize.sh” at 11:59pm on the due date. If you do not plan to submit before the deadline, then you should NOT run the ”finalize.sh” script until your final submission is ready. If you accidentally run ”finalize.sh” before you are ready to submit, do not commit or push your repo and delete ”readyToSubmit.txt.” Once your final submission is ready, run ”finalize.sh”, commit and push your code, and do not make any further changes to it

Late submissions will be penalized 5% for the first 24 hour period and an additional 10% for every 24 hour period thereafter.

#################################
#       Compiling & Running	#
#################################

Your final submission must include the script "run.sh" which should compile and run your code.
Your run.sh script should generate solutions for each puzzle instance associated with that assignment.

Your script should run on the campus linux machines with the following command : 
	./run.sh
